# SwiftClock
The purpose of the software that is to be developed is to increase work productivity in the office of the human resource director, Abby Richter and for any other stakeholder that is to use to product, to cut company costs, and to increase data security. Currently, the director of human resources cannot create all the required reports necessary for a daily/weekly business operation such as a time benefits report, missing punches report, and workplace safety reports. Also, multiple third party software is used in conjunction with the program that is currently in use such as a calendar application to schedule appointments and view upcoming business events, functionalities such as this can be included in the software which would ultimately increase work productivity. The human resource department handles employee pay roll, times of attendance, employee benefits, and employee on boarding/off boarding along with any required training that need to given. Assisting this department of the company by developing the proposed system will help in the pursuit of the mission/goal of Ecological Laboratories Inc, even if it is indirectly.   The system that is to be developed will be a combination of a report generator and a time clock managing system to manage employee times of attendance, manage talent tracking (employee training's), payroll, and will allow the user to create the necessary reports that the business demands. There will be a dashboard menu where the user will be able to select what part of the application they would like to use. The home section of the dashboard will outline employee hourly wages and who is in or out for the day. There will be a time cards section included that will lead the user to a more detailed version of the in/out board previously mentioned that will show the user a view of when an employee clocks in and out and a reports section which will give the user the ability to create the necessary reports/requests such as a benefits time report, missing punches report, time off requests, production requests, and workplace safety reports. Furthermore, a calendar section will be available for use to help with planning and to view upcoming business events. The addition and removal of any employee will be included as well from an employees section of the dashboard.
